feat: Editorial review: Add docs for notRestoredReasons (#32920)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/notrestoredreasondetails/reason/index.md

---
title: "NotRestoredReasonDetails: reason property"
short-title: reason
slug: Web/API/NotRestoredReasonDetails/reason
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.NotRestoredReasonDetails.reason
---

{{APIRef("Performance API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

The **`reason`** read-only property of the

> {{domxref("NotRestoredReasonDetails")}} interface returns a string describing a reason that the page was blocked from using the [back/forward cache (bfcache)](https://web.dev/articles/bfcache).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{domxref("NotRestoredReasonDetails")}} interface returns a string describing a reason that the page was blocked from using the back/forward cache ({{Glossary("bfcache")}}).
```

- `"lock"`
  - : While unloading, held locks and lock requests were terminated, so the page was not in a stable state that could be stored in the bfcache.
- `"masked"`
  - : The exact reason is hidden for privacy purposes. This value can mean one of the following:
    - The current document has children contained in a cross-origin {{htmlelement("iframe")}}, and they prevented storage in the bfcache.
    - The current Document could not be stored in the bfcache for user agent-specific reasons.
- `"navigation-failure"`
  - : The original navigation that created the current document errored, and storing the resulting error document in the bfcache was prevented.
- `"parser-aborted"`
  - : The current document never finished its initial HTML parsing, and storing the unfinished document in the bfcache was prevented.
- `"websocket"`
  - : While unloading, an open [WebSocket](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSockets_API) connect was shut down, so the page was not in a stable state that could be stored in the bfcache.

Additional blocking reasons may be used by some browsers, for example:

- `"unload-listener"`

>   - : The page registers an [`unload`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/unload_event) handler, which prevents bfcache usage. This serves as a useful warning, as `unload` is deprecated. See [Deprecating the unload event](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/web-platform/deprecating-unload) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The page registers an [`unload`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/unload_event) handler, which prevents bfcache usage. This serves as a useful warning, as `unload` is deprecated. See [usage notes](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/unload_event#usage_notes) for more information.
```

- `"response-cache-control-no-store"`
  - : The page uses `no-store` as a {{httpheader("Cache-Control")}} header value.
- `"related-active-contents"`
  - : The page was opened from another page that still has a reference to this page, for example using "duplicate tab" functionality.

## Examples

> See [Reporting back/forward cache not restored reasons](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Performance_API/Reporting_backforward_cache_not_restored_reasons) for examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Monitoring bfcache blocking reasons](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Performance_API/Monitoring_bfcache_blocking_reasons) for examples.
```

## Specifications

{{Specifications}}

## Browser compatibility

{{Compat}}

## See also

> - [Reporting back/forward cache not restored reasons](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Performance_API/Reporting_backforward_cache_not_restored_reasons)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Monitoring bfcache blocking reasons](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Performance_API/Monitoring_bfcache_blocking_reasons)
```
